Feature summary:

A description of  the variables and attributes of the dataset could we find in Sample Telco Customer Churn Dataset

CustomerID: A unique ID that identifies each customer.

Count: A value used in reporting/dashboarding to sum up the number of customers in a filtered set.

Gender: The customer’s gender: Male, Female

Age: The customer’s current age, in years, at the time the fiscal quarter ended.

Senior Citizen: Indicates if the customer is 65 or older: Yes, No

Partner: Indicates if the customer is married: Yes, No

Dependents: Indicates if the customer lives with any dependents: Yes, No. Dependents could be children, parents, grandparents, etc.

Tenure:  Indicates the total amount of months that the customer has been with the company by the end of the quarter specified above.

Phone Service: Indicates if the customer subscribes to home phone service with the company: Yes, No
Multiple Lines: Indicates if the customer subscribes to multiple telephone lines with the company: Yes, No

Internet Service: Indicates if the customer subscribes to Internet service with the company: No, DSL, Fiber Optic, Cable.

Online Security: Indicates if the customer subscribes to an additional online security service provided by the company: Yes, No

Online Backup: Indicates if the customer subscribes to an additional online backup service provided by the company: Yes, No

Device Protection: Indicates if the customer subscribes to an additional device protection plan for their Internet equipment provided by the company: Yes, No

Tech Support: Indicates if the customer subscribes to an additional technical support plan from the company with reduced wait times: Yes, No

Streaming TV: Indicates if the customer uses their Internet service to stream television programing from a third party provider: Yes, No. The company does not charge an additional fee for this service.
Streaming Movies: Indicates if the customer uses their Internet service to stream movies from a third party provider: Yes, No. The company does not charge an additional fee for this service.

Contract: Indicates the customer’s current contract type: Month-to-Month, One Year, Two Year.

Paperless Billing: Indicates if the customer has chosen paperless billing: Yes, No

Payment Method: Indicates how the customer pays their bill: Bank Withdrawal, Credit Card, Mailed Check

Monthly Charge: Indicates the customer’s current total monthly charge for all their services from the company.

Total Charges: Indicates the customer’s total charges, calculated to the end of the quarter specified above.

Churn: Yes = the customer left the company this quarter. No = the customer remained with the company. 

Directly related to Churn Value.

Churn_numeric: 1 = the customer left the company this quarter. 0 = the customer remained with the company. Directly related to Churn Label.
